Add ability to specify add-on store metadata URL from within NVDA (#17099)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/userGuide.md

|Notify |Notify when updates are available to add-ons within the same channel |
|Disabled |Do not automatically check for updates to add-ons |

##### Metadata Mirror {#AddonStoreMetadataMirror}

> This option allows you to specify an alternative URL to download add-on metadata from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allows you to specify an alternative URL to download Add-on Store data from.
```

> This may be of use in locations where access to the NV Access Add-on Store server is slow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This may be of use in locations where access to the NV Access Add-on Store server is slow or unavailable.
```
